take all your questions we put them in
my box take your time to fill it up
cause I am reading them all I'm falling
into this talk with high percentage of
fathers the rows are always bending and
I can't get him to stop
I can barely breathe in here but that's
a feeble fear more afraid of our future
and what I'm putting these people's ears
you can't Ravana take things back you
simply have to deal searching for the
answers to everything that we feel y'all
that isn't real
we should be happy so I should be
feeling great after everything you've
thrown at me
pins and needles attack in the back and
if every lesson cuz I just want you to
smile when happiness is in question like
do you even care I need some peace of
mind
- no you're always lines my questions
ain't about you they're all smaller I'm
just a radio DJ that waits on the next
caller and when my memory thought is I'm
always keeping my girl hot always from
the hero when looking at in the world my
heart is always fucked off but that's
okay hyung the only one can bond in that
faith passion decay staying blacken and
break straight back to the blade
continued that revolution til change
damages face number one don't beat me
Father phone the kids so I could read
that barber run for the hills get drill
I'm elder in the constant way that I eat
these martyrs weep that Barton please me
lesser steel my arm fee protection
confidence could be puss better than the
way it said that we'd be forever break
me from that vein and simply show me
you're interested questions inside of
questions I'm Chokin on this inception
I'm offered only y'all to run my Bloods
been dissected while a soda can opens as
much as you pop the question
- not my own are you
do you even care I need some peace of
mind to know you're only mine don't you
love me like I love you I wanna show you
I wanna show you